---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 5"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 205
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.5"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


**MISSIONARY MUSEUM.**

IDOLS, AND OBJECTS OF SUPERSTITIOUS REGARD,
FROM ISLANDS IN THE PACIFIC OCEAN.


THE mission to the South Sea Islands was the earliest under-
taken by this Society. The first party of missionaries, about
thirty in number, arrived by the ship Duff at Tahiti on the 6th
of March, 1797.

On the 18th of July, 1812, Pomare, the late king of Tahiti,
who had always behaved in a friendly manner, declared to the
missionaries his full conviction of the truth of the gospel, and
his determination to worship Jehovah, as the only living and
true God.

His example was soon followed by the principal chiefs, who,
convinced of their idolatry, burnt their idols, destroyed their
maraes, abandoned human sacrifices and infant murders, forsook
their abominable impurities, and strictly observed the Lord’s day.
Pomare, in a letter to the missionaries, dated Feb. 19th, 1816,
when he sent his family or household idols to them, says, “1
wish you to send those idols to Britain, for the Missionary
Society, that they may know the likeness of the gods that Tahiti
worshipped.” The original letter, with the idols alluded to, and
numerous others from different Islands, will be found in

***Case A.***

1 **TEMEHARO**, the principal idol of Pomare’s family, one of the
chief deities of Tahiti and also the protector of Mateo.

2 **TERIAPARURA**, son of the great God Oro, and national pro-
tector of Tahiti, Raiatea, Huahine, Tahaa, Borabora, and
Marua.

3 **Name unknown**.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}