---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 7"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 207
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.7"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

SOUTH SEA MISSION. Green.


supernatural powers, prior to their dispersion as his
representatives. (Ellis, vol. ii. page 220.)


23 Another form of **TAAROA**, left as his representative at the
great marae, in the district of Natipaki. (See Ellis, fig. 3.)
24 Like the last.

25 **TANGAROA** from Maute, with feathers and fibre cinet ap-
pended to it.

26 **A carved flat club-formed idol**, with an appendage of plaited
cocoa-nut fibre.

27, 28 **Two**, resembling the last, with feather appendages.

29 A **ditto** of RUATABu, with two heads and two cinet ap-
pendages. Nukunoni was the district to which it be
longed, and it was placed at the marae, to superintend their
affairs and make them victorious in war.

30, 31 **Two elaborately carved club-formed idols**, whose names
are now lost; they were district gods of Mangaia, one of
the Hervey Islands.

32 **A larger ditto**.

33 **TE BuA KINA**, three sons of the great RONGA, gods of the sea,
to whom prayers were offered for the safety of canoes.

34 **RONGA**, a rude human figure, covered with feathers, belonging
to Orutanga, a district of Aitutaki.

35 **TARIGNARUE**, the superior god of Atui; a very deeply carved
idol with red feathers, also, a large piece made of cinet
and feathers. These are but portions of the god; the rats,
having made a nest in him, destroyed the remainder.

36 **A rope idol**, with limbs covered with red feathers.

37, 38 **Two narrow flat idols**, covered with red feathers, and a
profusion of the tail feathers of the Tropic bird.

39 **TII Vahe.** A Tahitian goddess.

40 **Ditto ditto**. They are rudely carved human figures.

41 **Another Tahitian idol**, with numerous black figures painted
on it. (See Ellis, vol. i. page 24.)—Presented by the late
Rev. Rowland Hill.

42 **A large well-finished figure**, cut out of hard wood, with three
demi-gods attached to the breast. From Rarotonga.


{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}