---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 36"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 236
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.36"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


AFRICAN MISSION. Red.

108 **Another knife**, which has the haft and sheath covered with
brass wire.—Presented by Rev. R. Moffat.

109 **Coranna shaving brush**, made of wood, by beating it when
green.

110 **Two small iron adzes.**

111 **A smith’s hammer**, with a handle of the rhinoceros' horn.

112 **Specimens of Bechuana copper**, in the process of wire-draw-
ing, as performed in the presence of the Rev. Mr. Moffat.

113 **A woman’s pick**, for working the ground.

114 **Iron spoon**. From Bonnys.

115 **A large wooden ladle** for distributing boiled corn, used by
the Bechuana and Amazoola tribes.—Presented by Rev, R.
Moffat.

116 **A spoon with grooved handle**.—Presented by Rev. R. Moffat.

117—121 **Seven wooden spoons**, the handles ornamented with
carvings of the giraffe, elephant, buffalo, bird, human
head, &c.—Presented by Rev. R. Moffat.

122, 123 **Ten others**, of the Bechuana tribe.

124—126 **Three Hottentot violins and bows**; the first is a por-
tion of a gourd, the last resembles the European; they
are all covered with skin.

127 **Pieces of matting used as money** at the River Congo ; one
piece was considered equal to a pound of salt.

128 **Plaited hair from the tail of a giraffe.**

129 **Hat in the European shape**, made of the same ; it is of
great rarity, and highly valued at the Cape.—Presented by
Rev. R. Moffat. n ay eler.

130 **Shamboc**, a whip made of the skin of the rhinoceros.

131—134 **Ten various Kaffir baskets**, some with lids, for carrying
corn, made by the Hottentots at Bethelsdorp.

135 **LEKUKA**, a vessel of ox-hide for preparing milk. Bechuana.

136 **Another larger vessel**, being the skin of the hind portion of
an animal, with the feet on.

137—139 **Two milk pails**, cut out of solid wood, one from the
Coranna country.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
