---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 17"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 217
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.17"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


CHINESE MISSION. Yellow.


4 **QUANTECONG**, supposed by the Chinese to have been their first
emperor. This and the two preceding are of carved
wood, richly gilt and coloured.

5 **Ditto** of coarse pottery, also coloured.

6 A figure of **KYLIN**, a fabulous beast, supposed to have appeared
at the birth of Confucius, and thought to be ominous of
good fortunes to the young.

7, 8 Two of **WAN CHANG**, the god of letters, made of white metal,
rather softer than pewter.

9 **KWAN YIN**, of gilt marble. (See No. 38 of Missionary
Sketches.)—Presented by Mr. Medhurst.

10—13 Four **ditto**, of white porcelain.

14, 15 Two **ditto**, of coloured ditto.

16 **A standing figure of ditto**, also of white porcelain.

17, 18 Two of the **Laughing BUDDHA**, made of the same material.

19—21 **Three small gilt figures**, two of them bearded, supposed
to be idols.

22—42 **Twenty various small, painted, and gilt IDOLS**, wor-
shipped by the boat families.

43 **LOOI KONG**, the thunderer, a chief god of the Chinese.

44 A well executed historical **figure in terra cotta**, representing
a warrior.

45 **Wax candles**, used on the altars in idol-worship.

46 **INCENSE STICKS**, usually called Jos sticks. They are held in
the hand by worshippers, and burn like a slow match
about half-an-hour; they are also used for the measure¬
ment of time.

47 A pair of **mock candles**, sometimes placed before the idol.

48—55 **Various candlesticks** of white metal, used on the altars.

56—60 **Incense vessels**, made of bronze metal.

61, 62 Two large **BELLS**, with frames to suspend them.

63, 64 **Two maces of office**, made of soft metal, like pewter.

65—83 A variety of **pewter vessels**, as teapots, lamps, incense
pots, &c.

84, 85 A pair of **carved cocoa-nut cups**.—Presented by Poon a
Sam, Dr. Morrison’s servant.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
