---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 10"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 210
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.10"
---


{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

SOUTH SEA MISSION. Green.


99, 100 **Mallets or cloth-beaters**, being grooved instruments of
casuarina wood. Tahiti.

101 **Engraved narrow slips of bamboo**, used for printing on the
cloth.

102 **Combs** made of the stalks of cocoa-nut leaflets, neatly tied,
side by side.

103 **A spoon**, with two bowls.

104—106 **PENU**, or bread-fruit pounders, made of basalt. Tahiti.

107 **Ditto**, made of coral, of the genus Astrea. Ruruta.—Pre¬
sented by Mr. Ellis.

108—110 **Adzes**, for breaking the bread-fruit; of three sorts of
wood. (Ellis, vol. ii. p. 54.)

111—113 **Instruments** for the same purpose, made of the
casuarina and cocoa-nut wood.

114, 115 **Files make of shark’s skin**.

116—120 **Various sized adzes**, the blades made of basalt.

121 **A ditto**, with a handle elaborately carved, and neatly tied.
Mangaia. (See Williams’s Missionary Enterprises, page 264.)

122 **A small ditto**, of brown jasper, from Sir Charles Sander’s
Island.

123, 124 **Loose basaltic adze heads**.

125, 126 **Three flutes**, made of bamboo. Tahiti.

127—132 **Five fish-hooks**, made of wood, and the haft of one of
mother of pearl.

133, 134 **Decoys for catching cuttle-fish**, made of portions of
various species of Cypræae.

135—138 **Various specimens of cordage** made of cocoa-nut fibre.

139, 140 **Two baskets made of ditto**, ornamented with shell-
beads.

141 **An ornament for the head**, made of the same.

142 **Two warrior’s belts**, composed of rows of bone beads rudely
carved.

143 **A ditto**, of tufts of hair.

144, 145 **Two of cordage**, with carved bone ornaments.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
