---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 35"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 235
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.35"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


AFRICAN MISSION. Red.

69, 70 **MATLATLA**. Bechuana earplates of copper, worn only by
persons of distinction.—Presented by the Rev. R. Moffat.

71 **Small round ditto**.—Presented by the Rev. R. Moffat.

72 **LIKHAU**, large angular plates of copper, worn across the
breast by Mantatee warriors.

73 **Bechuana whistle**, used to charm away thunder; also for
starting game, making signals, &c.

74, 75 **A bone box** for carrying grease, and a Bechuana snuff-box

76 **A small tortoise shell**, with perfumed powder, used by Hot-
tentots for the skin.

77 **A child’s rattle**, of leather, inclosing stones.

78, 79 **Two snuff-boxes** or bottles, of carved ivory.—Presented by
the Rev. R. Moffat.

80, 81 **Four others of horn**.

82 **The seed of an acacia**, for thé same purpose, used by Hot-
tentots.

83 **Another**, made of the stomach of an ox, by the Amaponda
tribe.

84 **Another** of leather. Lattakoo.

85 **An instrument for dividing snuff** on the palm of the hand,
and to scrape the tears off, after snuffing.

86 **A Bushman’s tobacco pouch**, of leather, with glass beads.

87—90 **Hottentot tobacco pipes**, of wood, the first very rude.

91 **Two others**, of white metal, made bya Hottentot. Bethelsdorp.

92—94 **Bowl of a large ditto**, of burnt clay, and others of ser¬
pentine.

95, 96 **A Namaqua pipe**, also made of serpentine, and two others
of black stone, resembling cigar tubes.

97 **LITOLA**, or sticks, for producing fire by friction. Bechuaná.

98 **A razor**. From Mashow.—Presented by Mr. Campbell.

99—105 **LIMAO**, or needles and cases, used by the Bechuanas,
Barolongs, and Mantatees.

106, 107 **Knives**, with carved ivory handles and sheaths, and
others with horn handles, and two extra sheaths. From
Kurreechane.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
