---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 46"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 246
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.46"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

White. NATURAL HISTORY.


***Case B.***

**NATURAL HISTORY.**

**POLYPARIA.**

1 **The sea fan**, Gorgonia flabellum. West Indies.

2 **The sea feather**, Gorgonia setosa.

3 **Gorgonia umbraculum**. Java.

4 **Gorgonia pectinata**. Ditto.

5 **The red-jointed coral**, Mellitea ochracea. Ditto.

6 Two fine examples of the **large cup-shaped pin sponge**, called
NEPrUNE’s GoBLEr, Spongia patera of Hardwick. From
Java.

7 **The stag’s-horn coral**, Madrepora cervicornis. South Seas.

8 **Madrepora abratenoides**. Ditto.

9—11 **Two other species of Madrepora**, and one attached to a
valve of Meleagrina margaritifera. Ditto.

12 **Pocillopora damicornis**. Ditto.
These are the skeletons and habitations of myriads of minute
animals, that live together in societies, build in concert,
and form reefs of immense extent, or entire islands.

**INSECTA.**

13 Three examples of the **nest of a wild bee**, called by the
natives of Guiana “ Marybunters,” Epiphone nidulans;
one has been opened to show the structure of the interior.

14 **The tubular case of Myale nidulans**, a species of spider, that
forms a door, which closes when the creature is within.
—Presented by Dr. Hodgkin.

15 A fine example of the **black Scorpion**, in spirit.

16 **Another species**.

17—20 **Bottles containing Centipedes**, Myriopodæ.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
