---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 39"
layout: entry
order: 239
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.39"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

39
Red.)
AFRICAN MISSION.
In Case N.
206, 207 Two very large specimens of cotton cloth, called
simbos, or totoranos.
208 Another large cotton shawl or dress, richly bordered with
white metal beads.
209 A very handsome silk scarf.
210 Vonizongo cloth, made of rofia, of native dye and weaving.
211, 212 Various small neat baskets, “made of a sort of reęd
that grows in water.” Ramarotafika.
213 A square fan, like No. 181, that belonged to the Princess
Ramanga.
214 Cocoons of silkworms.
215, 216 Two rude wooden dishes, or basins, and a ditto of
black glazed earthenware.
217, 218 Calabashes.
219 Brass scales for weighing money, &c.
220 Weights of iron and silver: the latter are portion of dollars.
221 Silver bracelets, called by the inhabitants, HABA.—Presented
by Mr. Joseph Verkey, of Madagascar.
222 Armlets, neatly made of coloured glass beads.
223 An ornament in three parts, composed of large silver claws
and glass beads. (See the frontispiece to Ellis’s Mada-
gascar.)
224 Another ornament, being a row of thirty silver claws, each
two inches long.
225 A walking-stick, made of the horn of a rhinoceros, mounted
with gold.—Presented by King Radama to the Rev. Mr. Jones.
226—2
28 Several beautifully finished silver chains (resem-
bling our curb watch-guards), made by the natives of
Madagascar.
229 Silver finger rings.
230 Opy Aro, medicine or charm against fire. ODY HAVANDRA,
ditto against hail ; and ODy BAsy, ditto against the gun.
The above are the Malagasy names, with their English
significations, of these small pieces of wood, connected

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}