---

title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 19"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 219
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.19"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

CHINESE MISSION. Yellow.

138 **Earpick, tongue-scraper**, &c., &c., of silver, usually suspended
to the girdle.

139, 140 **Two other sets**.

141, 142 **Two feathered sticks**, used for dusting.

143 **YU SAU**, or umbrella.

144 **A dressing-box** with looking-glass, and drawers containing
cosmetics, a razor, combs, brushes, &c.

145 Two looking-glasses. **PO-LE-KING**.

146 **A folding ditto**; one has a painting on the glass.

147 **A small hand-glass**.

148—150 **Various wooden comb**s.

151 **Carved wooden spoon**.

152 **An inlaid tray**, with hammer, awls, and other shoemakers’
tools.

153 **Eye-preservers**, square pieces of glass bound in silk.

154 Two pairs of **spectacles**.

155 Twô pairs of **scissors**.

156 A set of **brass weights** in a square box.

157, 158 **LUTANG**, or small weighing machines, upon the principle
of the steelyard.

159, 160 **A jointed rule, padlock, and combs**.

161 Three **vessels of bamboo**, for measuring rice, &c.

162 A box fitted with **implements for calculating, writing, weigh-
ing**, &c.

163 A large and beautiful **cake of Indian ink**.—Presented by Mrs.
Morrison.

164 Several smaller **ornamental cakes of ditto**, fitted in a box.

165—167 **Three palettes, with pencils**, and a porcelain pencil
rest.—(See Dr. Morrison’s portrait.)

168 **A square case** for holding pencils when out of use.

169 **A bronze vessel** for holding water, when writing.

170, 171 **Two leather pocket-books**.

172 **SUAN PAN**, a calculating machine or abacus.

173 **The PA QUA**, an astrological instrument; for a description
of its use, see Morrison’s View of China, page 117.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
