---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 43"
layout: entry
order: 243
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.43"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

43
AMERICAN MISSION.
Pink.
13 A bow presumed to be used with them.
14 A rude bow.
15 A bird-dart. N.W. coast of America.
16 Another, armed with bone.
17 A ditto, with iron prongs,
18 Apaddle.
19 A staff ornamented with carved birds’ heads.
20 A pair of snow shoes. From Canada.
21 Five pointed darts or arrows. From South America.
22 Eight ditto ditto.
23 Two blow-pipes.—Presented by Mrs. Brandram.
24 Bow and arrow. From New Holland.
Over the Lobby Fire-place are
Twenty various bows from Tahiti, and other South Sea Islands;
the one with a groove along the front is from Tongataboo.
The two made of letter-wood, from Guiana. Another
from Peru; and three from places unknown.
Case L
Contains a very interesting collection of miscellaneous articles,
principally obtained at the different Missionary stations
during the visits of the deputation ; including the Idol
Oro’s sacred Trumpet-shell, and mother of pearl rattle ;
obtained from Pahi, the High Priest.—Breast-plate of Ta¬
matoa, King of Raiatea.—A pihi or carved chest, that held
the war ornaments of the Regent of Huahine.—Chinese
mandarin’s cap.—An ancient bronze cup, with Javanese
zodiac, from Solo.—Malay Tambourine.—Two carved
groups of Vishnu and Krishnu, with other figures from
Travancore.—Punqua from Benares.—A splendid copy
of the Burmese Sacred volume, painted on large slabs of
ivory, from Rangoon.—The four Gospels, and other
Missionary tracts, printed in several of the Oriental and
South Sea languages, &c. &c.—Presented by George
Bennet, Esq.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}