---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 13"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 213
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.13"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

SOUTH SEA MISSION.
Green.)
SAMOAN GROUP AND SUNDRIES.
202* O LE PULoro, or OLE Faa Ale, a musical instrument, used
when a chief is taken ill.
203 Various mats, made of the pandanus leaf by natives, and
worn as dresses.
204 Baskets of the pandanus, used by children for carrying their
books to school.
205 Two very beautiful rugs, received in 1840, from one of the
Navigators’ Islands.
X206 Two of the TUR RURSNA, called by Europeans boomerang, or
returning throw-sticks; one unusually angular. From
New Holland.
207 WADDIE, or pointed club from Botany Bay.
208 A Tannese lady’s dress.
209 Calabash and cover.
210 Waterscoop, from the Marquesas.
211 Stone chisels, from Pitcairn’s Island. Relics of the Abo¬
rigines, found by the present settlers.
212 Pieces of the ship Bounty, from Pitcairn’s Island.
213 Mat from Tanna.
214 Shot fired by the French on the Huahineans.
215 Instrument used for imprinting the native cloth.
216 Samoan sling.
217 Comb from Tanna.
218 Rarotongan fan.
219 Tattooing instruments and case.
220 Samoan cloth mallet.
221 Samoan money made from cocoa-nut shells.
222 Musquito brush.
223 Girdle of leaves, worn by the heathen in Samoa.
224 Fishing net, from Samoa.
225 Basket for partition.
226 Basket for catching a small kind of worm, of greenish colour,
called by the Samoans “ Palolo.” The natives are ex¬
tremely fond of it as an article of food.


{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}