---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 8"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 209
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.9"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

SOUTH SEA MISSION. Green.


75 **A whip**, or fly-flap, made of cocoa-nut fibre. (See Ellis, vol.
ii. page 54.)

76—80 **Various whips**; one of the handles is of carved bone, the
others wood.


***On the Floor under the north Skylight.***


**A GIGANTiC IDOL**, twelve feet high, covered with bark cloth, orna-
mented with black zigzag lines, brought from RAROTONGA,
by the lamented Missionary, the Rev. JoH Williams.
(See his Missionary Enterprises, chap. vii.)


*(For Case B, see page 46.)*


***Case C.***

**ARTICLES OF DRESS, DOMESTIC UTENSILS, IMPLE-
MENTS OF WAR, MUSIC, &c., FROM ISLANDS IN
THE PACIFIC OCEAN.**


***SOCIETY AND FRIeNDY ISLES.***

81 **Cap**, or head-dress, of feathers, worn by a chief mourner.
Tahiti.—Presented by the late Rev. John Williams.

82 **Ditto**, worn formerly by the master of the ceremonies of the
native dances, but latterly by the chief judge of the Island
of Aitutaki.—Presented by the late Rev. John Williams
(See Missionary Enterprises, chap. xxx.)

83, 84 **Two other dancer’s caps**, also richly ornamented with
feathers, and rattles of pearl shells.

85 **A lofty cap of red and black feathers**, the back, like all the
above, covered with a profusion of human hair.

86, 87 **Cloth made of bark** of the paper mulberry tree, (Brous-
sonetia papyrifera.) The devices are cut out of dark cloth
and stuck on.

88—98 **Various specimens of bark cloth**, plain, printed, and var-
nished. For an interesting account of the whole art of
this manufacture, see Ellis, vol ii. page 173.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}