---
title: 1860 Catalogue, Page 6
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 206
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.6"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


m
[Green.
SOUTH SEA MISSION.
4 TIIrA, very powerful, and said to preside over the winds.
5—7 ORAMATUAs, spirits of deceased relations, to whom prayers
were offered for the recovery of sick persons, &c.
8 VARUa Iro, Evil Spirit. A name by which idols are now gene-
rally designated.
9—11 Idols, which, like all the preceding, are made of cinet or
braided cord, formed of fibres of the husk of the cocoa-
nut ; the first, having rude features, is TANGAROA.—Pre¬
sented by the late Mr. Bennet.
12 ORo, the god of war. A rude uncarved staff of hard casuarina
wood, said by Mr. Ellis* to have been decorated with
feathers. It was the cause of many battles ; and human
sacrifices were offered to it.—Presented by the late Mr.
Bennet.
13 A small column of basalt, worshipped by the royal family of
Tahiti, when staying at the southern part of Eimeo.—
Presented by the late Mr. Bennet.
14 Another from the same place.
15 Another stone idol, to which this silly legend was attached:
that the priest could throw it into the sea, and make it
swim back again.
16 A long carved wooden idol, beset with curved spines, and
having six small heads at top; large spider-shells are also
suspended from it. Hervey, or Navigators’ Islands.
17 Sacred ornament from a canoe ; the two heads at top were
worshipped by fishermen at Huahine. (See Ellis, fig. 6.)
18—20 Three carved staff-shaped idols, like the large one
covered with cloth from Rarotonga.
21 Another, shorter, with a head at each end, and ornamented
with a few feathers, from Rarotonga.
22 TAARoA UPAo Vaho, from Rurutu, the supreme deity of Poly-
nesia. In addition to the demi-gods that stud the out-
side, designed to show the many that had proceeded from
him, a number of small idols were found in the interior
of this deity, deposited there probably to imbibe his
Polynesian Researches, vol. ii. p. 220.
Serkels onst gunide eo sitleg on es euthones! dhes
15.
idol is in ihe dornn o g Shuge glent darbga
gegandee fiil-Reris e skanfs wene farg
chongd to flant dher barch, dhr fnert easdler
conlå dane offigend af eenf funde dühre. Lanr fulder
thi. borfe daum to dand unanen

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}