---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 50"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 250
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.50"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

[White.
NATURAL HISTORY.
﻿50
RODENTIA.
88* Tsipho, or Jerboa of Scripture, which destroyed the corn of
the Philistines when the ark was taken.—Presented by Rev.
R. Moffat.
89 Skull of Hippopotamus capensis, or SEA Cow of the Cape
colonists ; formerly found in most of the large rivers of
South Africa, but is now almost extinct within the colony.
They feed on grass, chiefly during the night, and are so
timid that they retreat to the water on the approach of
man; but, if attacked in the water, often swim to the
hunter’s boat, rise suddenly beneath, and seriously injure,
if not destroy it; their flesh used to be in much request
as food, both among the natives and the colonists.—Pre-
sented by Rev. Dr. Philip.
90, 91 The lower jaw and a large tusk of hippopotami ; the
latter are very white, and much harder than ivory.
92, 93 Skin of the head of RHIoeros Africanus, with portions
of skin from other parts of the body.
94 Five Rhinoceros’ hoofs.
95 Molar tooth of the African elephant, Elephas Africanus.
96 Two ditto of the Asiatic species, E. Indicus.
97 Tails of two elephants.
98 Skull of a wild boar, Sus scrofa, of large size. From Benares.
-Presented by Rev. W. P. Lyon.
Tusks of ditto.
99 ErhoI Boar, Phascochœrus Africanus, distinct from the
boars, properly so called, having but two incisors in the
upper jaw, and six in the lower; the latter animal having
six in each.
100 Tusk of ditto.
EDENTATA.
101 CAPE ANT-EAreR, Orycteropus capensis, from the Cape of
Good Hope. It burrows in the ground, sleeps by day
and prowls by night, and is of great muscular strength.
On arriving at an ant-hill, it scratches it up with its
claws, and then protrudes the tongue, covered with a

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}