---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 29"
menu: false
#toc: false
layout: entry
order: 229
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.29"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

INDIAN MISSION. Blue


105 A letter from a Hindoo prince, in the Sanscrit character, in¬
closed in a silk case, with a seal attached.—Presented by
Rev. W. Thompson.
106 A tract in the Canara language. “ The Sermon on the
Mount.
107 A ditto in Arabic. “A System of Christian Doctrine."
108, 109 Manuscripts on rollers, in the Bengalee language.
110—119 A set of twelve tablets, exhibiting progressive lessons
in the Bengalee language.
120 Specimens of needle and other work, from the Vizagapa¬
tam Female Orphan School. 1838.
121 A Turkish cap.
122 Pair of Turkish lady's slippers.
123 Ditto gentleman’s.
124 Pair of shoes, richly ornamented with gold.
125 Another pair. Persian.
126 A Persian inkstand.
127, 128 Two of the cuddatum, a substitute for slates, with
pencils, used by merchants in keeping their accounts.
129, 130 Two bags or cases, in which letters are sent from the
Emperor of Persia to persons of distinction, one having
the imperial seal attached.
FROM CEYLON.
131—133 Cap, jacket, and trowsers, worn by persons called
YAKKA DURA, or devil dancers, who profess necromancy,
and provide people with charms, consisting of incanta-
tions, written on a piece of ola, or palm leaf, which is
rolled up and fastened to the arm, and worn openly by all
classes. Devil worship is not sanctioned by Buddhist
books, but it is now so generally associated with Buddh-
ism, as almost to threaten its extinction. Several other
jackets, all ornamented with the figure of an idol, at-
tended by Hanuman.
134 A large shawl, covered with strange devices and grotesque

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}