---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 23"
layout: entry
order: 223
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.23"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


CHINESE MISSION.
Yellow.]
7 No name.
8 OH ME TOH FAT.
9 LooI KONG. The Chinese Jupiter. A winged human figure
with birds’ claws, standing on flames.
10 HoAN Koar T r. A mandarin of the first rank.
11 HOAN YEM SAM TSOI WANG. The dress of the mandarin’s wife
on his first entering office.
12 Portrait of a Chinese sculptor at work.
Over Case M are.
Twelve paintings by Fat Qua, sent from Canton, 1809, by Dr
Morrison, then resident missionary there.
No. 13 represents persons plucking leaves off the tea plant.
14 Another mode.
15 Females rolling tea, &c.
16 Placing it in the sun.
17 Sifting it.
18 Making chests for it, showing the manner in which the car-
penters work.
19 Drying the tea, &c.
20 Packing the tea.
21 The mode of packing it in chests by treading upon it.
22 A priest showing samples.
23 Putting it into boats.
24 Bringing it down the river.
To the Left are
25—34 Ten well-executed paintings of Chinese domestic scenes.
Hung against Case I.
35—39 Five paintings of Chinese at their devotions to different
idols.
40 Six coloured etchings by a Chinese artist, named Sunqua, ex¬
hibiting the PROGReSs or THe OPIU SeR from health
and prosperity, to misery and degradation, and forming
together a counterpart to Hogarth’s famous set of the
“ Rake’s Progress. —Presented by Rev. Micaiah Hill, of
Berhampore.
MONGOLIAN DEITIES.
ERLIK CHAN, the god of hell.
AMIDABA, a merciful deity.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}