---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 18"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 218
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.18"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

[Yellow.
CHINESE MISSION.
86—91 Various specimens of porcelain.
92 Candlesticks of ditto.
93 Carved Agalmatolite.
94 Wooden INSTRUMENrs for CASTING Lors; they are kept in the
temples, where they lie for public use.
95 AMULETS. Each little silk bag contains a portion of their
sacred writings.
96 Ditto, or ornaments of mother of pearl.
*151 Idoltaken in the late war, from the chief temple at Chusan.
DOMESTIC UTENSILS, ARTICLES OF DRESS, &c., &c.,
FROM CHINA AND ULTRA GANGES.
97, 98 Model of a MANDARIN and his LADY. The Mandarin is a
civil officer, distinguished by a bird in the badge on his
breast.
99 Hat made of the talipot leaf.
100—103 Four various caps, richly ornamented with gold and
silver lace.
104 HEAD-DREss made of black silk, worn by the priests.
105 A tasty silk bridal ornament.
106 Tunic buttons.
107, 108 Men’s shoes, of two grades or patterns.
109—113 Ladies’ shoes, of different patterns:
114—120 Various ornamental silk purses; fan cases, housewifes,
with silks, needles, &c.
121—124 Fans of different patterns.
125 A case containing various purses or scent cases, a fan, set of
chopsticks and knife, all richly ornamented.
126, 127 Two cases with sets of beads.
128—132 Five various bead necklaces, or rosaries.
133, 134 SHIPA, short strings of beads, used by the Buddha sect
for counting prayers; worn also by the ladies as orna¬
ments.
135 A very beautifully carved ivory work-box.
136 Ten oval lockets with looking-glass backs.
137 Pair of ear-rings.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}