---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 27"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 227
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.27"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


INDIAN MISSION. Blue.


of this idol, that unnumbered multitudes of pilgrims
attend, and hundreds, perhaps thousands of diseased or
distressed persons, cast themselves under the wheels of
the ponderous car, and are crushed to death.

81 **HUNOOMANU**, a monkey god, who is represented as having
done wonders in the battles of Rama, and of having built
a bridge across the sea by throwing mountains into it.

82 **RAMU**, a deified monarch and hero of the Hindoo poem called
Ramayunu, (translated into English by the Serampore
missionaries). Many Hindoos write his name on the
breast and forehead of a dying person, who, in conse-
quence, is supposed to ascend immediately to heaven,
instead of being dragged to judgment.

83 **BULURAMU**, brother of Juggernaut, contemporary with Krishnu;
his image always accompanies Juggernaut.

84 **SHIVU**, the Destroyer. He is chiefly worshipped under the
form of Linga, and has more worshippers than all the
other gods put together. (See also No. 74.)

85 **KRISHNU**, a terrestrial god, and an incarnation of Vishnu.
Several festivals are held in his honour, some in the
night, accompanied by the most abominable practices.
Krishnu’s thefts, wars, and adulteries are so numerous,
that his whole history seems to be one uninterrupted
series of crimes.

86 **BRUMHA**, a red man with four faces. The vedas, or holy books,
are said to proceed from his four mouths.

87 **GUNGA**, or the River Ganges. The Hindoos not only reverence
their rivers, but actually worship them. Crowds perform
their devotions on the banks of the Ganges, and the sick
are laid there, expecting recovery from the sight of the
goddess.

88 **LUKSHMEE**, goddess of wealth, one of the wives of Vishnu.

89 **A series of figures of baked clay**, representing the ten incar-
nations or avatars of Vishnu, and named as follows:—a.
Mutsya. b. Koorma. c. Varaha. d. Narashimva. e.
Vamana. f. Paroosalama. g. Sru Rama. h. Buth Rama.
i. Boudha. j. is also called Boudha, but a different figure,
and k. Kulleka.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
