---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 40"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 240
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.40"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

(Red.
AFRICAN MISSION.
40
with which there is a great deal of superstition; they
are hung about the body of their idols, and sold by the
person who has the care of them, for the purposes their
names imply.
231 FEHI Tongotra, an ornament worn round the ancles by
persons of distinction.
232 Waistband, made by a Malagasy female.
233 A very beautiful mat, made of long grass at Fort Dauphin.
234 A basket of grass.
235 Grass of which the females make their fine baskets and
bonnets.
236 Mica, used for lanterns by the Malagasy.
237 Three specimens of cloth made of cotton, spun by the
machine sent out by the Society.
238 Afine shirt, made by Malagasy girls at the Missionary-school.
Over Case H.
/239 Two Fingo corn baskets.
In the Lobby.
1 A double-headed paddle.
2—6 Five rude leather quivers, the last coated by snake’s skin
and bark, each containing arrows.
7 A Bechuana assagai, or spear.
8—12 An Amakoso ditto, and four other spears.
13 An adze.
14—18 Five karies or knobbed sticks, used by the Kaffirs.
19 A large round stone, with a strong stick passing through it,
used for the purpose of digging up roots for food.
20 A fire stick, of great length.
Over the Lobby door.
21—24 Four rude, narrow-bladed iron hatchets, used by the
Bechuana tribe.
25—27 Three others.
28—34 Battle-axes, also used by the Bechuanas.
35 Another, used by the Mantatees.
36 Another, with serrated edges.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}