---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 30"
layout: entry
order: 230
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.30"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

(Blue.
INDIAN MISSION.
30
figures, dedicated to the devil, and worn at the sacrifices
by worshippers.
135 A long iron instrument, resembling a trident, or trisura,
used in the above ceremonies.
136 Two jingling instruments used by the devil dancers.
137 Two jingling bracelets of ditto.
For the clubs and staves brandished by the Yakka Durists, see
the Lobby.
138 Heathen books and talismans used by a convert at Salem,
in the days of his heathenism.—Presented by Rev. J. M.
Lutch.
139 A crown worn by the devotee while swinging; also instru-
ments for piercing the tongue, sides, back, and tendons
of the legs; all used at the Churruck Poojee, or swinging
festival. For a full description see “Missionary Chronicle,
Jan. 1839.—Presented by Rev Dr. Boaz.
140 Ear ornaments from Travancore.
141 Mahadele (Shiva) and his Paebbati, and idol discovered
amongthe ruins of an ancient temple near Moorshedabad,
Bengal.—Presented by Rev. J. Paterson.
131 A piece of the great Temple of Kupal Muni, Saugor Island,
Bengal. The temple is now destroyed by the encroach-
ments of the sea.—Presented by Rev. Dr. Boaz.
132 Silver garland, presented to the Rev. R. C. Mather, by the
King of Oude.
133 Artificial fruit.—Presented by Mrs. Beynon.
134 Cloth made from camel’s-hair from Cabul.—Presented by Rev.
C. Mather.
135 Brahminical string, worn by a person of high caste, and
given up by a convert.—Presented by Rev J. Paterson.
136 Sacred conch shell, blown by the Brahmins when at wor-
ship.—Presented by Rev. A. F. Lacroix.
137 Dakin Roy, or the Southern King, worshipped by the vil-
lagers in the south of Bengal, as the “ Frayer of Tiger
placed on a post in some conspicuous part of the town ;
once worshipped by men now professing Christianity.-
Presented by Rev. W. Morton.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}