---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 41"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 241
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.41"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

***In Case O.***

**AMERICA, AND THE WEST INDIES.**

1 **PEHI**, an instrument of Obiah, or incantations, used by the
Pehemen, either to drive away sickness, or to inflict it.
The natives would not dare to shake it, except on special
occasions. They would rattle it all night over a person
who was ill, and at the same time sing their wild song.
Presented by the Rev. John Wray, Missionary, Berbice, 1818.

2 **Model of an Indian hut**, or Bucks’ Logie, with miniature fur-
niture and utensils, consisting of hammocks, stools, cook-
ing utensils of earthenware, baskets, clubs, and canoes.
Demerara.

3 **Head ornament of red feathers.**

4 **Ditto**, of basket-work and feathers.

5 **Necklace of scarlet moboys**. Adenanthera pavonina.

6, **7 Two bead aprons**, worn by the female Indians of Guiana.

8 L**eg-rattle**, made of the woody nuts of the Cerbera thevetia,
worn by the Warrow tribe, Guiana.

9—16 **Eight various ornamental baskets**. Guiana.

17 **A fire fan,** of basket work, made of the young leaves of a
palm. From Guiana.—Presented by H. Stutchbury.

18—20 **Three calabashes**, neatly engraved.—Berbice.—Presented
by Rev Mr. Wray.

21—24 **Four earthenware cooking vessels**. Guiana.

25 **QUANIA**, or flute, made of bamboo, used by the Caribbee tribe.

26, 27 **A quiver of poisoned darts**. They are used with the
blow-pipe, No. 10, now in the lobby. From Guiana.—
Presented by H. Stutchbury.

28 **Quadrangular club** of hard wood, used by the Macusi and
Caribbee Indians of Guiana.—Presented by Rev. Mr. Wray.

29 **Ditto**, ditto, armed with a piece of wood, inserted into the
side.—Presented by Rev. Mr. Wray.
- Slene.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
