---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 8"
layout: entry
order: 208
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.8"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

[Green.
SOUTH SEA MISSION.
43 TARIA NUI, or great ears, a fishing god. (See Ellis, fig. 7.)
44 An idol made of a compact species of coral.
45 A large wooden idol, with very prominent grotesque features,
from the Sandwich Islands. Taken, with permission of
the governor, Kuakene, from the walls of an ancient marae
at Kairua, Hawaii, by the Deputation.
46 The god of thunder, of carved wood, adorned with feathers.
From Rarotonga.
47 Another resembling it.
48 A ditto, without feathers.
49 Idols from Metiaro : one resembles the last.
50 RoMatane, from Maute, adorned with a long tail of cock’s
feathers, and tufts of human hair.
51 KAU, an idol of stone.
52 HAU, from Maute. Several clusters of feathers attached to
pieces of wood and fibre rope.
53 An idol of two figures, one on the head of the other, with
black markings and feathers.
54 TiKIhe Ara, a rude sitting figure, with a tuft of cock’s fea-
thers on the head, taken from a canoe. Haraa
55 Two large paddle-shaped idols, with fibre rope attached.
56—60 A SAMOAN GOD, a short round’ stick; and numerous
small variously shaped idols, some decorated with fea-
thers.
61, 62 Propitiatory offerings to RoNGA and TAGNAROA, to appease
them when removed to new habitations: Hervey Islands.
63—66 Numerous bunches of feathers, probably portions of
broken idols or propitiatory offerings.
67—70 Four amulets of green Jade stone. New Zealand.
71 A tabooing rod, or else a rod carried before royalty at the
Sandwich Isles.
72 Handle of the sacred fan, TAHIVI AnunаS. (See No a,
Missionary Sketches.)
73, 74 Two sacred fans, with which the priests drove away flies
at the human sacrifices. The first is from the Marquesan
Islands.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}