---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 34"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 234
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.34"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

[Red.
AFRICAN MISSION.
34
29—38 Various arm and leg ornaments, of brass wire, beads,
leather, &c.—Presented by the Rev. R. Moffat.
39—41 Neck, arm, and leg rings, used by wives and daughters
of the Mantatees. This is a nation in the interior of
South Africa, about 40,000 of whom left their country on
a plundering expedition, and were repulsed near Lattakoo;
these, with various other articles, were then taken. The
four rings fastened together were worn by one female.-
Presented by the. Rev. R. Moffat.
42, 43 Buttons of stone (serpentine) and glass beads.
44, 45 Two aprons, composed of long strings of reeds and peas,
worn by the female Bechuanas, in one of their ceremonies.
46 Hottentot female apron, of skin, adorned with beads.
47, 48 Two others, of glass beads.
49 A Mantatee female apron, of iron beads.—Presented by the
Rev. R. Moffat.
50 A waist lace of ditto.—Presented by the Rev. R. Moffat.
51 Another, of beads, cut out of ostrich egg-shells.
52—55 An infant’s attire of ditto, fastened round the neck and
loins to support the back; also long strings of beads, of
the same material, worn round the waist by Bechuana
females.
56 Two broad belts of the same, wornround the head by Bushmen.
57 Two other belts, probably for the head, composed of thin
slips of reed.
58 A band of Cowry shells.
59, 60 Rows of iron and brass beads. From Kurreechane.
61 A very long string of small glass beads. /7'2"
62—66 Numerous rows of dried peas, &c., &c.
67 Head-dress of skin, embellished in front with perpendicular
rows of beads, worn by an Amakosa woman.
68 Crown, or cap, worn by King Thom, at the River Congo.—
Presented by Mr. Redhead,

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}