---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 16"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 216
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.16"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


SOUTH SEA MISSION. Green.


86, 87 **Barbed spears**, entirely of wood, and very slender, from
Tongataboo. 

88—101 **Clubs** of different forms; 92—95 from the Navigators'Jame)
Isles; 96 is surrounded with cocoa-nut fibre and shell
beads; 97—101 from the Friendly Isles, the last being
carved all over.

102 **Stone pattapatoos**, from New Zealand.

103—106 **Broad-bladed paddles,** elaborately carved—one has a
double handle—from High Island.—Presented by Mr.
Ellis.

107, 108 **Frames of an instrument**, probably a fishing-net.

109 A **singular spear**, serrated on the two edges by sharks’ teeth.
Kingsmill Island.

110 ** A slender spear or dart**, from New Holland.—Presented by
Mr. G. Wilkins.

111 **Two others**, with the womarra, used for casting them, from
the Isle of Pines.—Presented by Mr. G. Wilkins.

112 **A bow**, and bundle of arrows, from Tanna, one of the New
Hebrides.—Presented by Mr. G. Wilkins.

113 **Club** from Port St. Vincent.—Presented by Mr. Wilkins. Hasloleie

114 **Two spears**, from Erromanga.—Presented by Mr. Wilkins.

115 A pair of Marquesan **war-paddles**. — Presented by Captain Locke.

116 **Two spears**, from New Caledonia.—Presented by Mr. Wilkins.

117 **Drum**, from Mangaia.—Presented by Mr. T. Carr.

118 **A bell**, used by the heathen in a time of general peace.-
Presented by Mr. T. Carr.

***Cases D and I.***

***IDOLS AND OBJECTS OF SUPERSTITIOUS REGARD.
FROM CHINA AND ULTRA GANGES.***

**FOR IDOLS SEE CASE I.**

1 Shrine for a Chinese Idol.

2, 3 KwAN YIx, the goddess of mercy and mother of Buddha.
This idol is much worshipped. The temples of the Taow
sect are called Kwan.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
