---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 33"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 233
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.33"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

In Case G.
ARTICLES OF DRESS, DOMESTIC UTENSILS, ARMS,
&c., FROMPAFRICA AND MADAGASCAR.
1, 2 Bechuana dancing caps, made of porcupine bristles, worn
on public festivals.
3 Head-dresses of Hottentots, adorned with Cowry shells.
Cyprœa moneta.
4—8 Various conical hats of basket work, from the interior of
Africa.
9 Another of European fashion.
10 LITLAKA, or sandals made of hide, four pairs, worn by the
Bechuana tribe.
11, 12 Two female garments, worn behind, of skin, ornamented
with beads.
13, 14 Two Coranna, or Hottentot head-dresses.
X15, 16 Two aprons of the same material, cut into long and
slender strips. Bechuana.
17 MAKANTSA, a Bechuana sash, suspended on the hip, in their
dances.
18 A DoLL, kept by the married Bechuana women, who are
childless, as a memento until they have a child, when
it is discarded.
19 String of prognosticating dice of a Basuto, composed of
small hoofs and astragali.—Presented by the Rev. R. Moffat.
20 Two dice, of small hoofs. Lattakoo.
21 Medicinal stick, given by the Queen of Lattakoo to Mr.
Campbell.
X 22 MANYENA. Ear-drops, of brass wire. Bechuana.
23 MIHIanA. Finger-rings, of ditto. From ditto.
24—27 Armlets of ivory, one taken from her own arm by the
Queen of Lattakoo, and presented to Mr. Campbell.
x 28 Another, of brass beads, worn by the young King of Kurree-
chane.—Presented by Mr. Campbell.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}