---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 24"
layout: entry
order: 224
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.24"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

IDOLS,AND OBJECTS OF SUPERSTITION FROMINDIA,
INCLUDING THE THREE PRESIDENCIES.
In the centre of the room.
GUADAMA, an incarnation of BUDDHA, a large Burmese idol of
marble, partly gilded.—Presented by Rev. Micaiah Hill.
In Cases F, I, and K.
1—4 Four others of Guadama, of marble, partly gilded, from
Rangoon.
5—10 Six more of gilt wood, of different sizes, and variously
supported : one rests on a three-headed elephant.
11—13 Three ditto of bronze or brass.
13* Two ditto, from Calcutta.—Presented by Rev. W. Morton.
14, 15 Two small ditto, of silver, from Rangoon.—Presented by
Miss Cheap.
15* Ditto from Calcutta.—Presented by Rev. W. Morton.
16, 17 Two silver figures of Burmese at their devotions.—Pre-
sented by Rev. M. Hill.
17* A painted wooden figure of a worshipper of Buddha, from
Calcutta.—Presented by Rev. W. Morton.
17** An altar of Buddha, of gilt bronze. Calcutta.—Presented
by Rev. W. Morton.
17*xx A shrine or temple of ditto.—Presented by Rev. W. Morton.
18 KALEE, the black goddess of cruelty, standing on the body of
her husband, SHIVU. (See No. 10 of Missionary Sketches.)
19 BALA KRISHNA, an avatara of Vishnu, at play on his knees.
20 Ditto, as MURLIDER the tuneful, playing on a pipe.
21—29 A case of rejected idols, consisting of three small bronze
figures of the BALA KRISHNA dancing; ditto on his
knees; RAMA; GANESA, and three others, from Cuddapah,
East Indies.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}