---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 25"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 225
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.25"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

INDIAN MISSION.
25
Blue.)
30 RaMa, with his wife and brother, and two monkey attendants,
in front of a decorated arch, the whole made of bronze.
31 Avery small figure of KRISHNa, the Hindoo Apollo.
32—34 Three ditto of the infant KRISHNA on his knees.
35 VAHARAVATARA, the boar avatar, or third incarnation of
Vishnu.
36 DEvI, or BHAVANI, an idol of brass.
37, 38 Two of ANA-PURNA, a form of PARVATI.
39 LINGA, the symbol of Seeb, or Shiva.
40 NAGA LINGA NAUDI. The head of Vishnu surmounting the
four heads of Brahma, and the bull, or Naudi, in front.—
Presented by Rev. M. Hill.
41, 42 Two small bronze Lingas.
43 SEEB, or SHIVA, a small bronze figure with four hands.
44 A small brass figure, winged at the shoulders and thighs, the
hands clasped.
45 HANUMaN, a mighty monkey god, and son of Siva. In bronze.
46 Ditto, of baked clay
47 Ditto of ditto, very rudely cast in relief.
48—52 GONESHA, or Ganesa, three of carved stone, and two of
brass.
53 KANDARAO, an avatara of Mahadeva, in brass.
54 DURGA, or Active Virtue, an exceedinglyrude cast in baked clay.
55—58 Four of NAUDI, the Brahminical Bull. The first is carved
in Agalmatolite.
59 Cow of gilt marble, an object of Hindoo worship.—Presented
by Rev. M. Hill.
60 SRUVA, or Druva, used for laving images with holy water, the
handle ornamented with a figure of Naga overspreading
Krishna.
61 Another very shallow spoon, of engraved brass.
62, 63 A bell with a handle, and a set of three bells.
63* A bell from Calcutta.—Presented by Rev. W. Morton,
64 Five brass seals.
65 Three weights, the handle of each representing a bird. One
from Calcutta.—Presented by Rev. W. Morton.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}