---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 49"
layout: entry
order: 249
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.49"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

White.
NATURAL HISTORY.
49
70 Head of the rhinoceros Hornbill.
71 Hanging birds’-nests.
72 Skull of the shag Crane. From the Griqua country.
73 Various pheasants, partridges, &c. From India.—Presented
by Rev. R. C. Mather.
74 Two cases of insects.—Ditto.
75 A group of birds. From India.—Presented by Rev. Dr. Boaz.
MAMMALIA.
RUMINANTIA.
73 Pair of polished horns of a species of Bos.
74 The KoKoon, Catoblepas taurina of Hamilton Smith, in
Griffith’s translation of Cuvier. Shot on the banks of
the Malalareen river, in the Bechuana country, South
Africa, by Mr. Campbell’s party, July, 1823.
75 The BRiNoLep Groo, Catoblepas gorgon, Ham. Smith, but A.
taurina of Dr. A. Smith, also shot in the Bechuana country
by Mr. Campbell’s party, 1823.
76 The CAAMA, or hartebeest, Antelope bubulus, Linnæus. Mr.
Swainson has confounded this animal with the Acronotus
canna.
77 Head and horns of the Antelope bubulus.
78, 79 Head, horns, feet, and tail, of the WHITe-rA ANTeLoPe,
Antelope melampus.—Presented by Dr. Thom. These
animals are gregarious and migratory, making desolate
the tract over which they pass.
80, 81 The same parts of the GEMs-BOK, Antelope oryx.
82 Skull and horns of a small antelope.
83—86.A pair, and three odd horns of small antelopes, one of
them a gazelle’s.
87 Two skulls of the HoG DEER, from Benares.—Presented by
Rev. W. P. Lyon.
PACHYDERMATA.
88 The ZEeBRA, or wild ass, Equus zebra. These elegant quadru-
peds inhabit the plains of Africa, are gregarious, and very
swift, but being vicious, are, as yet, of little use to man.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}