---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 22"
layout: entry
order: 222
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.22"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

22
(Yellov.
CHINESE MISSION.
221 A fan, used by the Dayak girls.
222 A bag of matting.
223 A betel basket.
224 A cap of matting.
5 Three rolls of Rattan, worn round the waist by the Dayak
women.
226 Cloth made of the bark of a tree, also worn round the waist
by women.
227 Earrings, four of wood or cane, and one of basket work.
228 A wAR DRess worn by the Dayaks of Borneo : it formerly
belonged to PANG LIMA RAHAM.
229 A cutlass used by the Dayaks of Borneo. A label attached
states that, “ Every yellow spot on the blade of this weapon
denotes a head cut off by it."—This is doubtful. The spots
appear as if inserted when the weapon was made ; possibly
the shells on one side of the hilt may have been added
for the purpose alleged.
e Aote, oweer Settir Bears dhis ond.
In Case M, against the opposite wall,
230—242 Are thirteen frames, containing eighteen model pic-
tures of Japanese costumes, which must have been
obtained at great risk, as it is punishable with death to
export from Japan anything of this kind.
243—249 Five large and two small japanned boxes.
250 A Japanese musical instrument. (On the case.)
In the case are pictures of the following Chinese Deities, &c., named
on the back by the late Dr. Morrison.
1 Name effaced.
2 TSUU TI. The Mars, or god of war.
3 POoN KAo WOANG. The first man : he is covered with leaves.
4 SAI YUN SEE TSUE Fo. The progenitor of those who tsue fo,
produce fire by the instrument soi, yet used in their
temples.
5 No label.
6 TAO TEEN teheeoo. The god of gain: it is placed in almost
every shop in Canton.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}