---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 47"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 247
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.47"
---


{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


47
NATURAL HISTORY.
White.1
MOLLUSCA.
21 The shells of Pinna nigrina, and various large univalves, as,
22 Triton variegatus, or trumpet-shells.
23, 24 Cassis cornutus, and Cypræacassis rufa, both used for
cutting the imitation cameos.
25 Fusus colosseus.
26 Turbo marmoratus.
27 Trochus Niloticus.
28, 29 Murex inflatus, and Pteroceras truncata.—Presented by
the late Rev. J. Williams.
REPTILIA.
30 Skull of a large CROCODILE, taken in the Sunderbunds, near
Calcutta.
31 Ditto of the GAVIAL, from the same place.—Both presented by
Rev. James Hill.
32 The stuffed skin of a MONITor, from Travancore. These
animals are venerated by natives of the warmer parts of
the old world, who assert that they give notice upon the
approach of the crocodile.
33 In spirits are two of the Gecko, a lizard whose feet are so
constructed as to enable it to walk against a smooth
ceiling, like a fly. There is also a whip snake in the same
bottle.
34 Another whip snake.
35 A fine specimen of the true BoA, also in spirit, from South
America ; it is more rare than the following.
36 The PYTHo, one of the snakes popularly called BoA CoN-
STRICTOR, killed by the Revs. Messrs. Gogerly and Croix,
at the Missionary station of Kristnapore, near Calcutta.
The capture of this animal is related in the “ Missionary
Magazine and Chronicle for July, 1836.
37—40 Four other stuffed snakes, all venomous.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}