---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 52"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 252
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.52"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

(White.
NATURAL HISTORY.
52
but lately introduced to this country, was known to the
Romans; as it appears among the figures of Eastern ani-
mals in the celebrated Prænestine pavement, where it is
represented grazing and browsing; it was also exhibited
in the Circæan games.
Cranium, with the teeth and horns of a RHINOCÉkos, the R. simus
of Burchell. This great and formidable animal was sup-
posed by Mr. Campbell to be the UNICorN of the Scrip-
tures, Job xxxix. 9—12. The horn is 3 feet long. It
was shot by his party in the kingdom of Mashow, South
Africa, May 19, 1820, about 1200 miles north of the Cape.
A very young entire specimen,now in the British Museum,
was brought to England by the late Dr. A. Smith, who
says that the White Rhinoceros, as this species is called,
when full grown, is larger than either of the others: it
resorts more to the plains, its food being grass, and its
disposition being more gentle, is consequently looked
upon by the natives with less fear than is inspired by the
others.
Part of the head and horns of a Two-or RиIeros, R.
Ketloa of Dr. A. Smith. This was also killed in the
Mashow kingdom by Mr. Campbell’s party, May, 1820.
For a third species of Rhinoceros, see No. 92 in Case J.
Tusk of an Elephant.
Ditto of the NARWHALL, or sea unicorn, Monodon monoceros.
Stuffed skins of two large CROCODILEs, from the Lempopo river,
in the interior of South Africa.—Presented by the Rev. R.
Moffat.
A rare specimen of the boa constrictor and alligator in conflict.
-Presented by Rev. J. Ketley.
Over the door are horns of the following animals :—
1 The AXIS DEER, Cervus axis.
2—4 The Koupo, Antelope strepsiceros, Pallas.
5, 6 The HARTEBeESr, or CAA, A. bubulus, Linnæus, and A.
caama, Cuvier.
7, 8 The SPRING-BOK, A. euchore.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}