---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 21"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 221
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.21"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


CHINESE MISSION. Yellow.

194** A yellow silk bag**, that was used for inclosing a letter from
the Sultan of Singapore.

195 Another case of **gold lace** that once contained a shawl, a
present from the Sultan.

196 A specimen of **native matting**.

197, 198 **Bencoolen Croy jackets**, made of coarse bark cloth,
from the interior.

199 **Handkerchief** made by Croy children.

200, 201 Two highly ornamented **shawl dresses**, worn by Can-
nibals. Tapanooly.

202, 203 Two **scarfs**, from ditto.

204 Malay’s **dress of crimson silk**, richly interwoven with gold.

205 **Malay children’s dresses**.

206 **Cotton shawls**, worn by the Malay women over their shoul-
ders.

207 **Handkerchiefs** used for turbans: the above are manufac-
tured by natives.

208 **Handkerchiefs** worked by Chinese and Tamil children at the
Malacca school.

209 Numerous **specimens of needle-work**, executed by the Chinese,
Tamil, and Portugese children at the same school.

210 **Pair of shoes** ornamented with spangles.

211, 212 **Leather shoes**, and a ball made by Portuguese boys at
the school.

213 One of the **Gospels written in the Tamil language**, on slips
of the talipot leaf, by a boy in the Tamil school.

214—216 Two other **Tamil manuscripts**, and some loose leaves.

217, 218 **Wooden printing blocks**, in the Chinese character, cut
at the Missionary Station, Wallsfreden. Java.

219 **Moveable wooden types**, also in the Chinese character.
The following articles, used by the Dayaks of Borneo, were presented
by the Rev. Dr. Medhurst.

220 **A mat**, on which is portrayed a prow, used as an object of
worship.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
