---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 20"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 220
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.20"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

[Yellow.
CHINESE MISSION.
20
174 Mariner's compass.
175 Manuscript map.
176 Four books on drawing, published by the Chinese.
177 A work on Agriculture, and the cultivation of Silk, with
numerous plates, published by direction of the Emperor
Kang-hi.
178 A work in the Chinese character, printed on paper made of
the bark of the Macassar tree.
179 An inventory in Chinese, of the articles presented to the
Society by Dr. Morrison’s servant, Poon a Sam.
180 Two engraved Agalmatolite stamps or seals.
181 DE. MORRISON’s Chinese and English Dictionary, 5 vols.,
printed at Canton, at the expense of the Honourable East
India Company.
182 Dr. Morrison’s Grammar of the Chinese Language.
183 Dr. Morrison’s View of China, for philological purposes.
184 New Testament, translated into the Chinese language by
the indefatigable labours of the late Dr. Morrison, partly
assisted by the late Dr Milne of Malacca.
185 Ditto ditto, the small edition.
185* Two opium pipes.—Presented by Mrs. Brandram.
For the Chinese coins see horizontal Case U.
Articles from Islands and other places connected with the Chinese
Mission.
186 A PUNQUA, or fan, composed of circles of white pith, bor¬
dered with peacock’s feathers. From Java.
187 A Brahminical rosary made of lacca berries. Java.
188 A carved cocoa-nut shell. Java.
189, 190 Two Krises, with finely carved handles; one, with a
gilt scabbard, is said to be poisoned. Java.
191 Another Krise, with plain wooden scabbard.
192 Two boxes, ingeniously made of cloves.
193 Unmanufactured silk.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}