---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 11"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 211
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.11"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

SOUTH SEA MISSION. Green.


**New ZEALAND.**

146** Jade-stone ear-drops**.

147, 148 **Two jade-stone adzes**.

149 **Patapatu**, or head-crusher, of basalt.

150 **Another of bone**.

151—155 **Musical instruments** or flutes, composed of two pieces
of wood tightly bound together, and differently orna
mented. The notes resemble the yells of savages.

156—158 **Three shorter ditto**, cut out of the solid.

159 **One ditto** ditto, of bone.

﻿160
 
161, 162 **Two trumpets of wood**.

163 **Two small instruments** for tattooing the skin.

164—168 **Funnels variously carved**, used for feeding the chiefs,
during the operation of tattooing.

169 **A carved vessel**, resembling a pap boat.

170—172 **Bowls **for washing hands before meals; one from High
Island. (See Ellis, vol. ii. page 181, fig. 1.)

173 C**arved lid of a box**.

174, 175 **Neck ornaments**, made of teeth of the spermaceti whale.

**SANDWICH ISLANDS.**

176 **AZAIA**, made of yellow and red feathers, worn on the head
and neck by females.—Presented by Mr. Ellis.

177—179 **Three necklaces made of shells**, one composed of thé
Cypraea moneta, another of small Trochi, and the third of
five species of land-shells.—Presented by Mr. Ellis.

180 **Mirrors** made of black stone. They are wetted when used.
—Presented by Mr. Ellis.

181 **Bone ornament** for the neck, suspended by plaited human
hair.—Presented by Mr. Ellis.

182, 183 **Two musical instruments**, made of small calabashes.
A tinder-box made of ditto, and others used at the toilet.
bgeio.
-Presented by Mr. Ellis.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
