---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 51"
layout: entry
order: 251
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.51"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

White.)
NATURAL HISTORY.
51
clammy saliva, in which the ants become entangled; the
tongue is then drawn into the mouth, and thousands are
destroyed. The teeth differ from those of all other
quadrupeds, being cylinders traversed longitudinally by
small canals.
102 Skin of the SHORr-rteD MANIS, M. pentadactylus. This
also feeds on insects, and has the power of rolling itself
up as a defence from danger, presenting a formidable row
of erect scales. Mr. Campbell brought it from Lattakoo.
CARNIVORA.
103 Teeth of the CACHELoT, or sperm whale, Physeter macro-
cephalus.
104 Skull of a large SEAL, Phoca.
105 Ditto of a young TIGER, Felis tigris, from Benares.—Pre-
sented by Rev. W. P. Lyon.
106, 107 Head and feet of a LIoN, Felis leo.—Presented by Dr.
Thom.
108, 109 Ditto of a LioNEss, shot by Mr. Campbell’s party at
Buck’s Fountain, in the wild Bushmen’s country, May 19,
1823. The lion accompanying her was wounded, and es-
caped, but returned to search for her the following night.
110 The MANGOUSTE, Herpestes, from Travancore. Celebrated
for its combats with the most venomous serpents, and
from having made known the virtue of the Ophioriza
mungos as an antidote to their bite.
QUADRIMANA.
111 The RING-TaIe aa, Lemur catta. Inhabits Mada-
gascar, is good tempered, not so mischievous as a monkey,
and easily tamed when young.
On the Floor.
The GIRAFFE, or CAMELOPARD, shot in the Griqua Country,
South Africa, by Mr. Campbell’s party, July 31, 1814.
This specimen is sixteen feet high. The giraffe, although

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}