---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 14"
layout: entry
order: 214
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.14"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

u5
SOUTH SEA MISSION.
﻿14
[Green.
227 A water-bottle from Fejee.
228 A bead, taken from the party of La Perouse, and retained
by the only surviving chief until the year 1845.—Pre¬
sented by Rev. W. Mills.
On the tops of the Cases.
1 An idol representing a huge helmeted head, covered with red
feathers, from the Sandwich Islands. Formerly in the
e
Sacimm Leverian Museum. * dureh said ot dtor gale gtlet cotde
2 A large idol of wood, a rudely carved human figure.
3 Another rude idol of wood, with a human head, from Aitutaki,
figured by Mr. Williams, p. 65. 2655.
4 An idol chest, or house, made to hold the smaller gods. From
the marae at Tahiti.—Presented by the late Mr. Bennet.
5 NAFFA, a wooden drum, cut out of the solid, and beaten on the
sides of the narrow opening. Friendly Islands. Captain
Cook describes the sound as less musical than that of an
empty cask when struck.
6 Asmall sacred drum.—Presented by the late Rev. Rowland Hill.
7—9 Three GIGANTIC DRUMS, each 5ft. high, with shark’s skin
stretched across the top, the sides elaborately carved.
Raivavai.—Presented by the late Mr. Bennet.
10, 11 Two lamps made of vesicular basalt. Formerly used at
the maraes.—Presented by Mr. Ellis.
12, 13 Two tall carved drums, used at their heivas, or dancés.
From High Island. Figured by Mr. Ellis, vol. i. p. 282.
—No. 12, presented by Mr. Ellis.
14, 15 Four shorter drums.
16, 17 Two large Poe dishes, from Hawaii.
18 A curious double dish.
19 A carved oval dish. New Zealand.
20 A ditto, from the Poumatou Isles.
21 Sleeping stools, from the Friendly Isles.
22 Ditto, from the Hervey Islands.
23 A large calabash covered with net-work, from the Sandwich
Islands.


{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}