---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 42"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 242
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.42"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

[Pink.
AMERICAN MISSION.
﻿42
30—32 Three knives, from the West Indies, the first for graft-
ing, the others for cutting sugar-cane.—Presented by Rev.
D. Clark.
33 Specimens of needle-work executed by the school-girls of
Jamaica.—Presented by Mrs. Russel.
34 A beautifully made basket, with lid. Peru.
35 Three slender instruments for making thread.
36 A very beautiful cloak and cape, made of intestines, bordered
with feathers. From the Aleutian or Fox Islands, be-
longing to the Northern Archipelago.—Presented by the
Rev. Mr. Ellis.
37 A pair of mocassins, or shoes, made by the Mohican Indians,
of leather, adorned with dyed porcupine quills and small
beads.—Presented by Lieut. Juke.
38 A box of birch-wood bark, decorated with porcupine quills.
Canada.
39 A small dish of birch bark.
40 A spoon, from the N.W. coast.
41 Model fire-place.—Presented by the Rev. J. Andrews.
Over the Cases H and K.
1—3 Models of canoes made of birch bark, from the N.W. coast
of America.
4, 5 Two rude drums, from Guiana.
6, 7 Models of a Buck’s Logie. Guiana.
In the Lobby.
8, 9 Quadrangular wooden clubs, from British Guiana.
10 A blow-pipe, used with the darts (Nos. 26, 27, in Case O)
from Guiana.—Presented by H. Stutchbury.
11 A set of five long poisoned arrows, used with the letter-wood
bow over the fire-place.—Presented by H. Stutchbury.
12 A long bamboo case with numerous arrows and darts, differ-
ently armed.


{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}