---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 12"
layout: entry
order: 212
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.12"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

[Green
SOUTH SEA MISSION.
184 Two pieces of wood, used for obtaining fire, by friction of
the smaller piece in grooves of the larger.—Presented by
Mr. Ellis.
185 Wooden tobacco pipes, armed with brass.—Presented by Mr.
Ellis.
186 A double ditto, formed of one piece of wood, with a looking-
glass.
187 A bowling stone called uRu, used in a game.
188 PAKE, or dart, also used in a game.
189 A calabash covered with net-work.—Presented by Mr. Ellis.
New HEBRIDES.
190 An arrow from ERRoMANGA, an island of the New Hebrides.
191 A bow and ten variously terminated arrows from the above
island.—Procured and presented by Mr. George Wilkins, of
the Camden.
X192 Two clubs from ditto.
193 The war horn of ditto, made of a trumpet shell (Triton
variegatus) having the apex removed.—Presented by Mr.
Wilkins.
194 The hair, ear-ring, and neck ornament of an Erromangan
native.—Presented by Mr. Wilkins.
195 The cap, hair, neck and ear ornaments, waist-girth, and
comb of a native of Tanna, one of the New Hebrides.—
Presented by Mr. Wilkins.
196 Dresses of a native of New Caledonia. Beads. Procured
at Port St. Vincent, by Mr. George Wilkins.
FEJeE ISLANDS.
197 Beads of a native of the Fejee Islands, composed of teeth
and hair.—Presented by Mr. Wilkins, of the Camden.
198 A belt of beads cut out of shells, and another.
199 A quantity of plaited human hair.
200 A large cocoa-nut shell, for carrying water.
201 Mother of pearl shells, worn as ornaments.
202 Gorget, made of the seeds of the Abrus precatorius, or wild
liquorice. From the Marquesan Islands.
Mangerene

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}