---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 26"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 226
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.26"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}


INDIAN MISSION. Blue.


66 **Brahminical cord**, worn as a distinction of caste, thrown aside
by a Brahmin, on being baptized.

67 **Fakirs mala**, or necklace worn by Hindoo religious men-
dicants.

_From 68—86 are painted wooden figures of the following deities,
whose histories are detailed in “ Ward’s Hindoo Mythology."”_

68 **CHOITUNYU** the Wise, a form of Krishnu, the god of a set of
Voiragees, or Mendicants.

69 **UBHUYA**.

70 **LU RUHMUNU**.

71 **NUNDEE**, one of the Bhootus.

72 **KARTIKEYU**, commander of the celestial armies, who rides on
a peacock.

73 **JUGUDDHATREE**, Mother of the World; a yellow goddess dressed
in red, sitting on a lion.

74 **SHIVU**, the Destroyer, with his wife on his knee, riding on a
bull. His history is lasciviousness detailed, and himself
a personification of lust. It is at the annual festival of
this deity, that certain devôtees pierce their tongues, bore
their sides, swing by hooks inserted under the muscles
of the shoulder-blades, and perform other ceremonies of
self-torture.

75 **RADHA**, wife of Krishnu.

76 **VISHNU**, the Reserver. The Hindoo sacred books give ac-
counts of ten incarnations ; nine are past : in one he
assumed the shape of a tortoise, and took the new-formed
earth on his back.

77 **VISWAKARMA**, the Hindoo Vulcan, a monkey god, who assisted
Hunoomanu in building a bridge.

78 **GUNESHU**, or **GANESA**, the god of prudence and policy, repre-
sented as a short man with an elephant’s head.

79 **SEERA**, a terrestrial goddess; was the daughter of King Januka,
and wife of Ramu: she was carried off by Ravunu by way
of reprisal.

80 **JUGUNNATHU**, Lord of the World. He has many temples; the
most famous is at Orissa. It is at the annual Car festival

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
