---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 31"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 231
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.31"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

INDIAN MISSION. Blue.

***Case J.***

1 **PARAMASATTEE**, a wooden idol with iron spoons attached, (see
“Missionary Magazine,” October, 1837.) The name lite-
rally signifies “heavenly virtue or strength;” this demon
being accounted the wife of the heavenly Scevan. Their
ceremonies are performed in the night ; the spoons hold
oil and wicks, and when lighted under the shade of a
banyan tree have an imposing effect. There are several
Tamil letters on the idol, five of which are considered
sacred, and the Pandarams, who teach their meaning, are
called the “ Gooroos of the five letters.

***At the sides of the entrance.***

2 **NAGUR SWAMEE**, the serpent god, formed of a dark compact
granite, from Travancore. (See “ Missionary Sketches,'
No. 61.)

3 **Another**, from the same place.

4 **Another**, with an image of VISHNU, seated within the hood of
the serpent (the Cobra de capello), from Bellary.—Pre-
sented by Rev. J. Hands.

5 **SATTAN**, a well cut figure of granite.

6 **A pagoda** and belfry of a Burmese temple. A model of a lofty
conical building, having three rows of the idol Guadama.

7 A large **LINGA**, the symbol of Shiva, or Seeb, made of black
marble.

***On the wall.***

8 A large painting of **VEESHNOO**, or **PALPA SWAMEE**, tutelary
deity of Travancore.

9 **A pen and ink drawing of the Hindoo idol Kisnooh Abotaah**,
formed by the name being repeated in every line.

10 **A ditto**, of Neresing Abotaah, formed in like manner. Moore,
in his “ Hindoo Mythology,” describes this as the fourth
avatara of Vishnu, Narsinha with Hivanyacasipa on his
lap.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
