---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 28"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 228
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.28"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

Blue.
INDIAN MISSION.
28
These, Christian reader, are specimens of the gods of India,
worshipped by more than a hundred millions of people.
They are the creatures of a corrupt imagination, and the
work of men’s hands; “they have mouths, but they speak
not; eyes have they, but they see not; they have ears,
but they hear not ; noses have they, but they smell not;
they have hands, but they handle not ; feet have they, but
they walk not, neither speak they through their throat.
They that make them are like unto them, so is every one
that trusteth to them. O Israel, trust thou in the Lord."
—Psalm cXv. 5—9.
The ViRGi an h, from MYSORe, a well-executed carving in
wood, gilt, probably of Italian workmanship, that belonged
to native Roman Catholics, who sent it to the Missionary
Society. For an account of the high value set upon this
image, and the consternation of the people on its removal,
see the “ Missionary Chronicle for January, 1826.
90 An iron WAR CLUB of the Gosains, a sect of Hindoos who
never marry, their numbers being kept up by adopting the
children of other sects.—Presented by Rev. Micaiah Hill.
91 A large ornamental PUNKA, or fan, with long handle, made of
a talipot leaf. Bengal.
92, 93 Bangles or bracelets, worn by the lowest class of Hindoos.
—Presented by Rev. W. Crow.
94 Ditto, of brass.
95, 96 Two brass rings, and a pair of gold earrings.
97 Fragment of mosaic work, from the ceiling of an ancient
palace at Dummul.—Presented by Rev. J. Hands.
98—100 Necklaces, one of red glass beads, intersected by long
bone beads.
101 ArUrany, a richly wrought iron STYLE, with an eraser, in a
case, from Malabar. It is used for writing on slips of the
talipot leaf.
102 A manuscript in the Telugu language, on slips of the talipot
leaf.
103 Another, containing Dr. Watts’s first Catechism.
104 Another, in the Sanscrit character, with covers of wood.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}