---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 54"
layout: entry
order: 254
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.54"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

﻿54
NATURAL HISTORY.
(White.
On the top of the Central Case
Is a very spirited representation of a Tiger, in needle-work.
The horizontal Case V
Contains various small shells from the West Indies, arranged in
compartments.—Presented by Mrs. Pirie.
In Case W
Are numerous bivalve shells of various genera, arranged and
labelled according to Lamarck, including the Balanus, or
acorn shell and duck barnacles, so troublesome on ships
bottoms: the Pholas and Lithodomus, that pierce holes
in stones and wood, Meleagrina; the pearl-bearing oyster;
Malleus, or hammer oyster, &c.
In Case X
The univalve shells are contained, also arranged and labelled
according to Lamarck; among them are Murex inflatus
and Pteroceras truncata.—Presented by the late Rev. J.
Williams. Several Harp shells, Tons and Cowries of
many kinds, with the pearly or chambered Nautilus, Ar¬
gonaut, &c., &c.
On one side of Case Y
Are various trachytic and scoriaceous Lavas, principally from
Hawaii, brought by Rev. W. Ellis; also a splendid
block of indurated yellow Asbestos, brought by Mr.
Campbell from the neighbourhood of the Orange River,
together with portions of the veins of the blue Asbestos,
of different thicknesses and states of induration; Mica,
stalactitic Lime, rhombic ditto, Prehnite, and varieties of
Iron ore, from Africa.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}
