---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 15"
layout: entry
order: 215
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.15"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

SOUTH SEA MISSION.
Green.)
A canoe, 25 feet long, cut out of a solid log, before the use of iron
tools was known to them, with the model of a man seated
in it, holding a native paddle. From High Island.
24 Models of canoes. Tahiti.
25 Model of a double canoe. Sandwich Isles.
26 Two baskets with covers. Sandwich Isles.
27 Two other baskets. Tahiti.
28 Another basket.
29 Wooden boxes cut out of the solid. Friendly Isles.
30—39 Ten various spears; those that are barbed were brought
from Tongataboo; the one serrated with sharks’ teeth,
from Kingsmill Island, and figured by the late Mr. Wil-
liams in his Missionary Enterprises.
40 A coat of mail, made of closely plaited cinet, from Kingsmill
Island.—Presented by Mr. Abijah Locke.
IN THE LOBBY.
41—53 Are long walking staves, or staves of state ; 43, from
Tahiti, is carved all over ; 44 and 45 have figures, or idols,
at the top ; and No. 50, from the Marquesas, is surmounted
by a tuft of human hair.
54 A paddle with carved handle, from New Zealand.
55—58 Paddle-shaped clubs, the edges deeply fluted. Friendly
R
Isles. (donga) Sovstlintefy fansare eltebe den
ese
59—62 Clubs of different fashions.
63—74 Slender paddles, also used as spears. Joratas (ia cle
Aug le.
75, 76 Quivers of bamboo, the lower end closed by a small
moveable cocoa-nut shell. Tahiti.
77 Sledge or cradle, used at the jami he naru in the Sandwich
Islands. (See Tour of Hawaii.)—Presented by Mr. Ellis.
78, 79 Rude staves of hard wood, supposed to be idols.
80 Chief mourners’ staves. Tahiti.
81—83 Barbed spears, from the Sandwich Islands.
X 84, 85 Ditto, the upper part of hard wood attached to slender
bamboos.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}