---
title: "1860 Catalogue, Page 37"
layout: entry
menu: false
#toc: false
order: 237
object:
  - id: "cat-1860-p.37"
---

{% accordion '**Transcription**' %}

31
AFRICAN MISSION.
Red.)
140 A much larger ditto, or bottle, carved outside ; used by the
Amazoola tribe.—Presented by Rev. R. Moffat.
141 A calabash used by the Kaffirs.
142—144 Earthenware vessels for holding milk. Kurreechane.
145 Egg-basket. Guinea.
146, 147 Two ornaments of black ostrich feathers, worn by the
Bechuana tribe.—Presented by Rev. R. Moffat.
148 A small leathern quiver with bone darts, armed with iron,
poisoned.
149—152 Iron heads of four sorts of assagais.
153—155 Three others with short cane handles; one has a tuft
of hair attached.
156 A dirk in leather sheath. From the coast of Guinea.
157 A ditto, or knife, with carved wooden handle and sheath.
Natal.
158 Another, or short sword with brass hilt. Ashantee.
159—161 A leathern quiver, and variously terminated arrows.
From Ashantee.
162, 163 A well-made pair of long leather boots, and a pair of
shoes of similar fashion.
164 Shoes, in imitation of European.
165 Clasp-knives made by Hottentots at the Moravian station.
166 Slabs of polished horn.
167—169 Cotton stockings and night-cap, made by Hottentots
at Bethelsdorp.
170 A group of flowers composed of shells, made by Dutch
domestics at the Cape of Good Hope.
171 An exact model of a Bechuana house, made on the spot by
Rev. R. Moffat.
172 Various specimens of needlework, from the sewing school
at Griqua Town. Petticoat worn with a spencer by the
converted Griquas, forming a decent dress compared with
that of the heathen. Two reels. From the Bechuana
country.

{% endaccordion %}


{% backmatter %}

## Notes

[^1]:
[^2]:
[^3]:
[^4]:
[^5]:
[^6]:
[^7]:
[^8]:
[^9]:
[^10]:

{% endbackmatter %}